hello okay so I have a quick moment
portion for you and I gotta make it fast
because uh I'm actually like lazy right
now and but if anything happens don't
complain to me I'm telling you before we
start don't complain to me because not
my spell it's my cousin's and she gave
it to me
she tried it she's a mermaid okay so you
have a cup of water about like that when
you take two seashells and one small one
big one and then make sure to wash it
out and have to use soap or anything but
um just make sure there's no dirt and
dust no chemicals no nothing just that
okay so in oh yeah okay you know you
have your water in there and it has to
be a clear cut plain as it deserves to
be exactly like a cup just to clear cut
okay so then you put your big shell in
and then you put your small shell in and
then you put a lot of salt in oh okay
and then you uh mix it and then make
sure there's no salt at the bottom and
then you're gonna get you soon and then
make sure you get your small shell
so you gonna take it out and then you're
gonna you're gonna put salts in it make
sure that Oh friendly tip make sure not
to do this on your bed because I still
threw my bed cuz I still come on my bed
when I was doing when I was making the
potion and my parents are gonna kill me
because I can't get all of it off okay
and then you after you put the salsa 10g
small eh we'll put it back in and then
you're gonna mix it again okay and then
you're going to drink all of it
and when I okay yeah you're gonna drink
all of it and I'm gonna drink it with
you guys I'm sorry to choose assets
because I gotta go and um if you guys
are making it then give us me please and
yeah this thing's not looking like this
well I destroyed this Megan's recall of
it and when you're done you're going to
eat something salty so I'm gonna get a
cracker and put some of this on it okay
here we go
there's this Gabriel threw up and then
you want to keep in the sea show me till
midnight and uh yeah now I'm gonna put
my crackers and yeah thanks for watching
bye
I rest of us okay bye